c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\VideoCipherLibrary.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\VideoCipherLibrary.pdb
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.DebuggerVisualizers (2010).dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\IPPrototyper.exe
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoCipherLibrary.dll
c:\users\zgtr\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoCipherLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\ZGTR\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZGTR_VideoCipherApp\VideoCipherLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoCipherLibrary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
